# Significant Battles

### Battle of the Breaking Dawn
This battle marks the turning point in the War of Fallen Glory. The last bastion against enemy forces in Earth Province, the Forest Sanctuary, was under siege. The men inside were running out of resources and the enemy was attacking relentlessly. It was during this siege when the Great Alliance was signed between the four races of the world. When the men in the bastion were starting to lose hope, as the siege had no end in sight, a large army of dwarves, men, and merfolk led by some of the most elite elves attacked the enemy from every side. The men inside then rallied and attacked, and the enemy was completely decimated. This marked the first major victory against Dolmordai's army.

### Battle of the Plain
The army marches north from the Forest Sanctuary toward the heavily fortified Shrine of Elements in the central plain. Before coming  within sight of the enemy, the main army hides themselves near the southern border of the plain, while a much smaller elf regiment travels around the plain to the north. The small elven regiment then marches into the plain and attacks a small enemy guard unit. The enemy takes the ploy and sends a good chunk of the army to the north to deal with the elves, as small attacks like this are nothing new to them. The army of the Alliance is able to move in closer and surprise the enemy. Soon, battle is raging all around, and it seems to be at a stalemate. Amidst the chaos, General Halvarn and a small company of a few men sneak their way toward the plateau. As they ascend the stairs, they battle enemies and a couple of them are killed, Halvarn himself sustains several cuts. As they push through, Halvarn runs into the courtyard as his men hold off the enemy. Inside the Shrine, he finds the Horn of Awakening, climbs to the roof, and blows the Horn. The battle pauses as everyone on both sides here the ancient melody drift over the plain. As they realize what the song is, the army of the Alliance makes one great battle cry, while Dolmordai's forces run in terror, knowing the four guardians have just been awakened.